odh-23179 feature store guide for TP (#757)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/configuring-an-online-store.adoc

NOTE: The example code in the following procedure requires that you edit it with values that are specific to your use case.

.Prerequisites

* You have cluster administrator privileges for your {openshift-platform} cluster.

* You have enabled the Feature Store component, as described in link:[Enabling the Feature Store component].

* You have created a data science project, as described in link:[Creating a data science project]. In the following procedure, `my_ds_project` is the name of the data science project.

* Your data science project includes an existing secret that provides credentials for accessing the database that you want to use for the online store. The example in the following procedure requires that you have configured a PostgreSQL database.

.Procedure

. In the OpenShift console, click the *Quick Create* (image:images/quick-create-icon.png[]) icon and then click the *Import YAML* option.
. Verify that your data science project is the selected project.
. Copy the following code and paste it into the YAML editor:  
+
[.lines_space]
[.console-input]
[source, yaml]
----
apiVersion: feast.dev/v1alpha1
kind: FeatureStore
metadata:
  name: sample-db-persistence

> spec:
>   feastProject: my_project
>   services: 
> 	onlineStore:
>   	  persistence:
>     	    store:
>       	type: postgres
>       	secretRef:
>         	  name: feast-data-stores

Reviewer: ```suggestion
spec:
  feastProject: my_project
  services:
    onlineStore:
      persistence:
        store:
          type: postgres
          secretRef:
            name: feast-data-stores
```

:_module-type: PROCEDURE

[id="configuring-an-online-store_{context}"]
= Configuring an online store

[role='_abstract']
When you create a feature instance using the minimal configuration, by default, the online store is a SQLite database.

The example in the following procedure shows how to configure a PostgreSQL database for the online store.

> Feature Store allows you to configure other online stores, such as Snowflake, Redis, and DynamoDB, as detailed in the link:https://docs.feast.dev/v0.49-branch/reference/online-stores[Feast reference documentation for online stores^].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use Feature Store to configure other online stores, such as Snowflake, Redis, and DynamoDB, as detailed in the link:https://docs.feast.dev/v0.49-branch/reference/online-stores[Feast reference documentation for online stores^].
```
